Zhenhua Liu received the B.E. degree in measurement and control, M.S. degree in computer science and technology (both with honor) from Tsinghua University, Beijing, China, in 2006 and 2009, respectively. He is currently a PhD candidate in Computer Science at the California Institute of Technology. His current research interests include sustainable data center, demand response, Hadoop, and smart grid. He was a research associate (intern) with HP Labs, Palo Alto, in 2011 and 2012. He received the Best Student Paper award in ACM GreenMetrics 2011 and Best Paper award in International Green Computing Conference (IGCC 2012).

Adam Wierman is a Professor in the Department of Computing and Mathematical Sciences at the California Institute of Technology, where he is a member of the Rigorous Systems Research Group (RSRG). He received his Ph.D., M.Sc. and B.Sc. in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University in 2007, 2004, and 2001, respectively. He received the ACM SIGMETRICS Rising Star award in 2011, and has also received best paper awards at ACM SIGMETRICS, IFIP Performance, IEEE INFOCOM, and ACM GREENMETRICS. He has also received multiple teaching awards, including the Associated Students of the California Institute of Technology (ASCIT) Teaching Award.  His research interests center around resource allocation and scheduling decisions in computer systems and services. More specifically, his work focuses both on developing analytic techniques in stochastic modeling, queueing theory, scheduling theory, and game theory, and applying these techniques to application domains such as energy-efficient computing, data centers, social networks, and the electricity grid.

Yuan Chen is a Senior Researcher in Systems Research Lab at HP Labs. Yuan's research is in the area of distributed systems and energy efficient computing with a focus on control and optimization of workload and resource management in data centers and Cloud. His work on integrated management of IT, power and cooling resources has greatly contributed to an industry first Net-Zero Energy data center. Yuan has published over 40 technical papers in peer-reviewed journals and conferences proceedings, including the Best Paper Award of International Green Computing Conference (IGCC 2011) and the Best Paper Award of IEEE/IFIP Network Operations and Management Symposium (NOMS 2008).  Yuan received a B.S. from University of Science and Technology of China, a M.S. from Chinese Academy of Sciences, and a Ph.D. from Georgia Institute of Technology, all in Computer Science.

Benjamin Razon received a B.S. in Computer Science and Business Economics and Management from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), Pasadena, CA, in 2013. He is currently a software engineer at Google, Mountain View. His research interests include stochastic modelling, distributed systems, and behavioral economics. He was an undergraduate research fellow at Bar Ilan University, Ramat-Gan, Israel in 2011.

Niangjun Chen received the B.A. degree in Computer Science from University of Cambridge of United Kingdom in 2011 and worked as a research engineer in Institute of Infocomm Technology in Singapore in 2012.  Currently he is a Ph.D. student in Computer Science at California Institute of Technology. His research interests include power systems, online algorithms and nonlinear optimization. 